[Osquery] Add docs for Osquery API (#137162)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/osquery-manager/live-queries/get-results.asciidoc

[[osquery-manager-live-queries-api-get-results]]
=== Get live query results API
++++
<titleabbrev>Get live query results</titleabbrev>
++++

> experimental[] Retrieve a single live query results by ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experimental[] Retrieve a single live query result by ID.
```

[[osquery-manager-live-queries-api-get-results-request]]
==== Request

`GET <kibana host>:<port>/api/osquery/live_queries/<id>/results/<query_action_id>`

`GET <kibana host>:<port>/s/<space_id>/api/osquery/live_queries/<query_action_id>`

[[osquery-manager-live-queries-api-get-results-params]]
==== Path parameters

`space_id`::

> (Optional, string) An identifier for the space. If `space_id` is not provided in the URL, the default space is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional, string) The space identifier. When `space_id` is not provided in the URL, the default space is used.
```

`id`::

> (Required, string) The ID of the live query results you want to retrieve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Required, string) The ID of the live query result you want to retrieve.
```

`query_action_id`::
(Required, string) The ID of the query action that generated the live query results.

[[osquery-manager-live-queries-api-get-results-codes]]
==== Response code

`200`::
Indicates a successful call.

`404`::
The specified live query or <query_action_id> doesn't exist.

[[osquery-manager-live-queries-api-get-results-example]]
==== Example

Retrieve the live query results for `3c42c847-eb30-4452-80e0-728584042334` ID and `609c4c66-ba3d-43fa-afdd-53e244577aa0` query action ID:

[source,sh]
--------------------------------------------------
$ curl -X GET api/osquery/live_queries/3c42c847-eb30-4452-80e0-728584042334/results/609c4c66-ba3d-43fa-afdd-53e244577aa0
--------------------------------------------------
// KIBANA

> The API returns a live query action single query results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API returns a live query action single query result:
```
